README.md, before:

# TWO NEURONS WORM

This is a project for creating a worm that find it's food using [two neurons](https://phys.org/news/2018-07-reveals-complex-math-worms-food.html). We will be creating a two perceptron network that hopefully can find it's path to food. The perceptrons are trained genetically.

### Check it running [here!](https://armlessjohn404.github.io/two-neurons-worm/)

![imagem](assets/img/opengraph.png)

## Suggested Improvements/Bugs

1.  Slow iterations when there's too many objects in the screen (Grijó). **another day**
2.  ~~It's not mobile friendly/Other resolutions (Alcalá/Damas/Agostinho).~~
3.  ~~Check `monospace` font (Damas).~~
4.  ~~Update graph scale (Alcalá).~~
5.  ~~Color families (Alcalá).~~
6.  ~~Add feedback for high *eaten* percentage (Alcalá).~~
7.  ~~Adjust font sizes (Agostinho).~~~~
8.  ~~Error on first load (Dani).~~

Thank you guys for testing

## License

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with this program. If not, see http://www.gnu.org/licenses/.

Commit message:

Made the objective of the project clearer

README.md, after:

# TWO NEURONS WORM

This is a simulation for creating a worm that find it's food using [two neurons](https://phys.org/news/2018-07-reveals-complex-math-worms-food.html).
The worm has a two perceptron network that hopefully that leads it to the food.
The worms are trained genetically, so if you leave them training long enough they
should learn how how to find the food.

### Check it running [here!](https://luxedo.github.io/two-neurons-worm/)

![imagem](assets/img/screenshot.png)

## Suggested Improvements/Bugs

1.  Slow iterations when there's too many objects in the screen (Grijó). **another day**
2.  ~~It's not mobile friendly/Other resolutions (Alcalá/Damas/Agostinho).~~
3.  ~~Check `monospace` font (Damas).~~
4.  ~~Update graph scale (Alcalá).~~
5.  ~~Color families (Alcalá).~~
6.  ~~Add feedback for high *eaten* percentage (Alcalá).~~
7.  ~~Adjust font sizes (Agostinho).~~~~
8.  ~~Error on first load (Dani).~~

Thank you guys for testing

## License

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with this program. If not, see http://www.gnu.org/licenses/.
